Yeletsky pensioner became a defendant
criminal case to accuse him cruel
animal reversal the fact is he's in
using the trap caught the neighbor's cat
who went to him on the plot
and hit him with a pitchfork mistress of an animal
seriously injured turned
the police is not the first and not
last story
when pets become
cause or victim of conflict neighbors
but this is one of the few times when
cruelty to animals can
to threaten
criminal punishment topic will continue
sergey suites
Irina Malysheva shows the plot
which became the scene of the accident here
Neighborhood cats dogs got used to walking
who wiped out all the garden
the efforts of the pensioner jumps and according to them
and the neighbor mistress of living creatures all the charges
then rejected Irina's husband
Michael decided on a radical method
old man i'm 56 so i'm so hard
back hurts no strength no go
take care of the garden
by
and he made this and some sort of string
eyeballs some did macaw was about
this string then he seizes the villa
and pitchfork and stab wanted while trying
the hostess also learned the cruelty
wounded animal and turned the police
In the duty of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia in the city
dace received a call from a resident
town of dace who reported that her
neighbor prepared trap
caught her domestic cat
and also struck one hit with the garden
pitchfork as a result of which the animal was
bodily injuries caused
born in the loss of the right eye
apples and also in long suffering
animal July 22 this year, the department
Investigations of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia in the city of egg
a criminal case under part 1
Article 245 of the Russian Criminal Code
federation cruelty to animals
sanctions of this article provides
maximum sentence ideally arrest
up to six months is the very fact that
her spouse almost age and became
person involved in a criminal case is akin
punishment he wanted only walked like
You can centuries q new buy a new cat
buy and let her live with them so what
do now
that hung Lord: how complex
The situation is that the villagers blame
not in damage of another's property but in cruel
handling animals and a new cat is unlikely
whether the defenders will make atonement for his guilt
animals are unanimous that our brothers
smaller
don't deserve this attitude i
just like a child psychologist will tell you
that he will melt
judging by the attitude of the animals of the city that on
it drew attention then it's time
that's how the police exist in Europe
which illuminates animals exists
I will add where animals can not be expensive
scold any animal has the right
Cats and dogs is quite difficult
make sense of immunity
other people's property
so their pranks should be treated with
descent they chop off the shoulder than and not
ended this story is clear one thing that
people in contentious situations need
seek a compromise Sergei no evil people
jerks nikolai gray Yeletsky